# BlockRecruit
Welcome to your new blockrecruit project and to the internet computer development community.

In the current talent acquisition landscape, there are often challenges like: Subjective Candidate Evaluation that may lead to the risk of overlooking qualified candidates or making unfair hiring decisions. Time-Consuming Process: The traditional candidate shortlisting process is time-consuming, resulting in delays in the hiring process and increased time-to-fill for open positions. High Volume of Applications: Many organizations receive a large volume of applications for job postings, making it difficult to efficiently review and identify the most qualified candidates. The Automated Candidate Shortlisting System is a groundbreaking solution that leverages ICP smart contract canisters to automate and streamline the candidate shortlisting process. By utilizing ICP Canister smart contracts, the system offers unprecedented efficiency and transparency in candidate evaluation.

Key Features and Benefits: Decentralized Candidate Evaluation: The system automates the process of candidate evaluation and shortlisting using smart contracts, ensuring a decentralized and tamper-proof approach to candidate assessment. Immutable Record-Keeping: Smart contracts enable the creation of immutable records for candidate evaluations, providing a transparent and auditable history of the shortlisting process. Automated Criteria Matching: Through the use of predefined criteria and programmable logic in the ICP canister, the system automatically matches job requirements with candidate profiles, reducing manual intervention and bias

Quick Start
SDK Developer Tools
Motoko Programming Language Guide
[Motoko Language Quick Reference](https://internetcomputer.org/do
If you want to start working on your project right away, you might want to try the following commands:

cd dehire/
dfx help
dfx canister --help
Running the project locally
If you want to test your project locally, you can use the following commands:

# Starts the replica, running in the background
dfx start --background

# Deploys your canisters to the replica and generates your candid interface
dfx deploy
Once the job completes, your application will be available at http://localhost:4943?canisterId={asset_canister_id}.

If you have made changes to your backend canister, you can generate a new candid interface with

npm run generate
at any time. This is recommended before starting the frontend development server, and will be run automatically any time you run dfx deploy.

If you are making frontend changes, you can start a development server with

npm start
Which will start a server at http://localhost:8080, proxying API requests to the replica at port 4943.

Note on frontend environment variables
If you are hosting frontend code somewhere without using DFX, you may need to make one of the following adjustments to ensure your project does not fetch the root key in production:

setDFX_NETWORK to ic if you are using Webpack
use your own preferred method to replace process.env.DFX_NETWORK in the autogenerated declarations
Setting canisters -> {asset_canister_id} -> declarations -> env_override to a string in dfx.json will replace process.env.DFX_NETWORK with the string in the autogenerated declarations
Write your own createActor constructor
